now i've heard
there was a secret chord that david
played
and it pleased the lord but you don't
really care for music
do you
it goes like this the fourth
the fifth the minor fall
the major lift the baffled
king composing hallelujah
[Music]
oh
i did my best it wasn't much
i couldn't feel so i had tried to touch
i've told the truth i didn't come
[Music]
stand before the
on my lord but hallelujah
[Music]
[Applause]
me
hi
[Music]
this guy's probably fought hundreds of
thousands of other super beings on the
other planets he's destroyed right and
we have to assume he's won i don't care
how many demons he's fought and how many
hells
he's never fought us not us united
[Music]
you